---
layout: post
title:  "Funding"
date:   2016-10-15 11:00:00 +0200
categories: book
---

# How can we ensure both diversity and quality?

We need a "Beautiful Django Board" to ensure the diversity part and quality content (One of the hardest parts: how to judge a chapter's quality).

Writing a chapter is a huge work and asking it for free is wrong. Indeed, it would make the following assumption: people are ready to give some of their free time and CAN do so for that book. 

Some of you would be ready to do it in your spare time, but we don't want to lose any contributors because they can't afford the luxury to do so.

We are still looking for ways to fund this book as we want every chapter/author to be paid. We shouldn't set apart contributors who can't help us for financial reasons. As we're all expecting a high-quality book, retributing authors is the way to go given that royalties would go to the DSF.

# Crowdsource campaign

We are considering a crowdsourced campaign to fund this book. The dedicated amount (per chapter? per length?) for authors is not clearly defined yet.

If we set up a crowdsourced campaign and/or self-publish the book, we can imagine different packs with different pricing for individuals:
- web version only
- pdf + previous
- epub  + previous
- printed version + previous
We can also consider to set any of the first sections as free.

We can also imagine pricing for companies giving them the ability to write a chapter on a solution they are selling for a higher price.
